# Time-Shift-Multiscale-Ensemble-Fuzzy-Dispersion-Entropy-TSMEFuDE
An open-source MATLAB inplementation based on the owner's SCI essay 《Time Shift Multiscale Ensemble Fuzzy Dispersion Entropy and  its Application in Bearing Fault Diagnosis》, including specific code of the mathods appeared in the essay.
Essay: https://www.mdpi.com/2079-6412/15/7/779
Abstract
Accurate detection of surface defects such as wear, cracks, and flaws in metallic components is critical for equipment reliability and longevity, representing a core challenge in surface integrity engineering. To solve the information loss, low estimation accuracy and poor noise immunity associated with Multiscale Dispersion Entropy (MDE) are utilized to address the sensitivity to parameter selection and overfitting susceptibility of the Least Squares Twin Support Vector Machines (LSTSVM). A brand new fault diagnosis method which combined Time Shift Multiscale Ensemble Fuzzy Dispersion Entropy (TSMEFuDE) with binary tree LSTSVM (BT LSTSVM) was proposed. Firstly, a time shift method based on Higuchi Fractal Dimension was introduced to TSMEFuDE, resolving the continuity loss between coarse-grained levels. Second, four mapping techniques, linear, NCDF, tansig and logsig, are introduced. This synergetic combination of each advantage results in the improvement of entropy output stability. Furthermore, triangular and trapezoidal membership functions are incorporated into dispersion patterns and abolished in the round function, therefore enhancing the boundaries between the classes after signal mapping to discrete classes. Lastly, the proposed BT LSTSVM algorithm decomposes the multi-classification problem to a binary classification problem, which promotes the robustness of the algorithm. Simulation experiments maintain that TSMEFuDE has stronger adaptability, higher stability, and better noise resistance. In the fault diagnosis experiment, when compared to the Multiscale Fuzzy Dispersion Entropy (MFuDE) combined with the BT TSVM method, the TSMEFuDE combined with BT LSTSVM method improved the accuracy of bearing fault diagnosis by 5.65% and 2.82%.
